Message from Steam Support on Mar 12 @ 7:57am | 1 day and 14 hours ago
We do not provide any form of compensation for this kind of issue here at Steam Support.

Because we have provided all the information we have for your issue I'm closing this help request. If you have an unrelated issue please open a new help request and we will be happy to help.

Steam Support,
Nicolas


History below.

What a horrible look for dota and steam.
-------

Message from you on Mar 10 @ 8:41am | 3 days ago
Hi There, ever since the latest update my screen randomly goes black. The sound continues for a little while until the whole computer locks up.

This is only since the latest patch.

I've been placed in low priority due to the dropouts. Could you please take me out of low priority + reset mmr as it was not my intention to abandon games but is rather due to an issue with running the latest patch.

I have:

Updated my graphics driver
Reset the game cache
Updated windows drivers
Files attached: support_system_report.vdf   minidumps_and_logs.zip  

Message from Steam Support on Mar 10 @ 2:18pm | 3 days ago
I see that your account has been moved to the Low Priority matchmaking pool. You will need to win the required number of games, along with waiting for the cooldown to expire in order to move out of Low Priority. Steam support does not adjust or remove this requirement.

I know it's frustrating to be punished for connection or PC issues outside of your control, but our design considers two things.

First, we need to be fair to the other players whose game was affected, regardless of the cause.

Second, it's very difficult to determine whether or not disconnections are intentional. We wish we could treat unintentional disconnections differently than intentional ones, but unfortunately the result of such a policy would be that players who wanted to leave a game would forcibly disconnect instead of clicking the leave game button.

The Low Priority System is explained in more detail in the following article:
Dota Low Priority Matchmaking

If your disconnection is the result of PC or network stability, please review the following articles for general troubleshooting steps:

Dota 2 - Performance Issues, Crashes, or Failures When Launching

Dota 2 - Network/Connectivity Issues

If you continue to experience issues, please let me know and I will be happy to investigate further.

Steam Support
Ari

Message from you on Mar 11 @ 10:03am | 2 days ago
Hi there,

This really is not fair at all and is a really bad look for dota.

Noting your points:

First, we need to be fair to the other players whose game was affected, regardless of the cause.

-> (Then you should acknowledge the cause was the dota 2 update and compensate players including myself).

Second, it's very difficult to determine whether or not disconnections are intentional. We wish we could treat unintentional disconnections differently than intentional ones, but unfortunately, the result of such a policy would be that players who wanted to leave a game would forcibly disconnect instead of clicking the leave game button.

-> (It is very obvious that my leaving behaviour occurred just after the new patch. I have a history of thousands of games with no disconnects and suddenly 3 disconnects within the first 5 minutes of 3 matches. Using gameplay history we can determine that this is not intentional leaving.)

I have fixed the problem via a youTube tutorial yet I'd appreciate you applying appropriate compensation to my account. This was caused by the latest patch and not myself or in particular my pc.

Message from Steam Support on Mar 12 @ 7:57am | 1 day and 14 hours ago
We do not provide any form of compensation for this kind of issue here at Steam Support. 

Because we have provided all the information we have for your issue I'm closing this help request. If you have an unrelated issue please open a new help request and we will be happy to help.

Steam Support,
Nicolas
